# CS230-Project-3
CS230 Project 3

Our client, The Gaming Room, wants to develop a web-based game similar to the 1980s television game "Win, Lose or Draw". The current version, titled "Draw It or Lose It", is currently available only on Android. The Gaming Room aims to expand onto multiple platforms. The rules of the game are as follows: four rounds of play lasting one minute each, drawings are rendered at a steady rate and are fully complete at the 30-second mark, an incorrect or late guess allows the remaining teams one more opportunity to solve the puzzle within 15 seconds.

In developing this documentation, I feel I did particularily well with outlining the major differences that the development team would encounter when working on each of the operating systems. When developing the code, the process of I found most helpful was referencing the UML diagram. If I could choose one part of my work on this document to revise, I would pick the References portion. I interpreted the user's needs by thinking about the problems I often encounter when using applicatons on different operating systems. This is important to consider because the product we are creating must make for a smooth and positive user experience to be successful. My approach to designing software is first to outline exactly what you want the application to do and then chipping away at what can feasibly and realistically be accomplished. In the future, I would use this outline to break down and design a similar software application. 
